Added new kb article customize-image-style-imagecardview-dotnet-maui (#974)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/customize-image-style-imagecardview-dotnet-maui.md

---

> title: Style the Image in the ImageCardView for .NET MAUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Style Images in the ImageCardView for .NET MAUI
```

description: Learn how to maintain the aspect ratio and adjust the size of images within ImageCardView in .NET MAUI applications.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Adjust Image Aspect Ratio and Size in .NET MAUI ImageCardView
slug: style-image-imagecardview-dotnet-maui
tags: chat, conversational ui, .net maui, imagecardview, aspect ratio, image size, chat image, chat
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 7.1.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Chat | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) | 

## Description

> In .NET MAUI applications, it is often necessary to customize the appearance of images within an [`ImageCardView`]({%slug chat-imagecard%}) to fit specific design requirements. This includes maintaining the aspect ratio of displayed images and adjusting their size to fit within a particular layout without distortion. This KB article also answers the following questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET MAUI applications, you often need to customize the appearance of images within an [`ImageCardView`]({%slug chat-imagecard%}) and apply specific design requirements. This includes maintaining the aspect ratio of displayed images and adjusting their size to fit within a particular layout without distortion.

 This KB article also answers the following questions:
```

- How to scale images without distortion in `ImageCardView`?

> - How to maintain image aspect ratio in .NET MAUI applications?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to maintain the image's aspect ratio in .NET MAUI applications?
```

- How to customize the size of images in `ImageCardView`?

## Solution

To customize the style of the image inside the `ImageCardView`, including maintaining its aspect ratio and adjusting its size you can use one of the following options:

> * Apply an implicit style for the `Image` control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* [Apply an implicit style for the `Image` control](#using-implicit-style).
```

> * Use a `ControlTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Use a `ControlTemplate`](#using-controltemplate).
```
